1, What does a value in this column represent? What values might you see here?
Category: category details such as category ID, category name, description, and picture.
Customer: Customer details
Employee: Employee details
Employee Territory: Employee ID and Territory ID
Order Detail: Details of an item
Orders: Detail of order, who bought(customer details), who sold it(employee details)
Product: Product details, supplier ID, category ID 
Region: Region ID
Shipper: Shipper ID and Company name
Supplier: Supplier details
Territory: Territory ID and Region ID 

2, Is this column a part of the primary key to this table?
Category: Yes, category ID is the primary key to category table.
Customer: Yes, Customer ID
Employee: Yes, Employee ID
Employee Territory: Yes, composite primary key
Order Detail: No
Orders: Yes, Order ID
Product: Yes, product ID
Region: Yes, region ID
Shipper: Yes, shipper ID
Supplier: Yes, supplier ID
Territory: Yes, territory ID



3, Is this column a part of a foreign key that points to a record in another table?
Category: No, category ID is not a foreign key in categories table. It is referenced as a foreign key in the products table.
Customer: No
Employee: No
Employee territories: Yes, for employee table and territory table
Order detail: Yes, order table and product table
Orders: Yes, customer and employee tables
Product: Yes, category and supplier tables
Region: No
Shipper: No
Supplier: No
Territory: Yes, region table


4, Would this column be valuable to bring into our Power BI Model? Yes, or no? Why?
Yes, all of these columns in different tables are valuable. Because they can be used to relate tables to tables using foreign keys.


5, Do you believe this column is appropriately named for Data Analysis purposes?
Yes, it identify its meaning.
I answered this above only for category column but after going through all the tables no, there were some cleaning up needed for the columns to be specific yet unique not to have duplications in different tables. 

6, If not, what might be a more appropriate name?
I think it is appropriate and unique. For all the columns that I thought was not appropriate, I renamed them with more unique and appropriate names.

7, What might be the data type and format for this column in a Power BI Model?
Category: Text
Customer: Text and whole number 
Employee: Text and whole number
Employee Territory: whole number
Order Detail: Whole number and percentage 
Orders: Text, whole number, and date
Product: Whole number
Region: Whole number
Shipper: Text and whole number
Supplier: Text and whole number 
Territory: Whole number



 

8, Can you think of any calculations where this column data might be used?
Count of categories, count of products by category, average products by category after relating the categories and products tables. 
Product unit price multiplied by discount amount, quantity per unit multiply by unit price


