1, Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.
How was the 'breakup' variable used?
Was it purchased items or just searches?


2, Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.
https://trends.google.com/trends/

3, The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food, topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.
a, What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?
100
b, What is the lowest dip recorded?
65

4, At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).
a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the lowest dip?
The highest peak is 100 and the lowest dip is 68.
b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?
Milkshake has now decreased. High is 27 and low is 22.

5, Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed.
The Google trend compares the value. Therefore, hamburger is more searched than milkshake for that specific period. 

6, Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).
a, Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup and Hamburger?
There is no clear correlation between breakup and hamburger. 
b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake?
There is no clear correlation between breakup and milkshake either. 

7, What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the article?
This article may be misleading since we do not know how breakup is used as a variable. There maybe be a correlation but we cannot say it is caused by breakups. 

8, At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.”
a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?
Virginia 
b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger?
South Dakota

9, Use the download icon to download a csv file with these search trend results. Save it to your Data Analytics/week-01 folder as GTrends_milkshake_hamburger_2024.csv
Done
10,
 a, What are the differences you notice between searching for between searching for a term as a “search term” versus as a categorical term? What thoughts does this raise in your mind about working with Google Trends data?
Search term requires the exact word while categorical term is more broader or it includes related searches. This means it also affects the results.  

 b, Try comparing “Hamburger (Food)” to some search terms oriented toward pop culture or current events. For instance, you might compare to “football” or “Olympics.” What do you notice? What do you think other patterns in search behavior might represent?
I do not see any correlation between hamburger and football. Hamburger is showing a constant result even when football increases, football is occasional.  

