1. Start by reviewing the data.gov home page. What is this?
It is a website that provides access to a variety of open datasets. It allows users to find and download different kinds of data.

2, Go to Most Viewed Datasets. How many datasets are listed?
402,371 

3, Find the Topic Category for Human Health. Review the range of data sources available for this topic. Why do you think these were tagged with the Human Health category?
I believe it is because nutrition and human health has a strong correlation. 

4, Go to the Food Price Outlook. Review the catalog page for this dataset. How can you navigate to additional datasets from the USDA?

If we go to Downloads & Resources and click on 'Download' or even click on 'Web page with links to Excel files' it will take us there so we can navigate to additional datasets. 

5, Go back to the data.gov home page. This time, click on Datasets by Organization.
Done

6, Try searching for your city, county, and state. What organizations are returned?
City of charlotte, 
Army Corps of Engineers, Department of the Army, Department of Defense, USDA, NASA, 
City and County of Durham, North Carolina, State of North Carolina, Town of Cary, North Carolina, Town of Chapel Hill, North Carolina

7, Search for USDA, and click into the result. Within the USDA datasets, search for food composition. Notice that the top three results are all datasets concerning nutrition information. Try searching the USDA page for nutrition. How does that affect your results?
a) One of the tricky things about working with data is that sometimes the terminology used by a data source is not obvious. You may need to dig around and be creative to find what you’re looking for.
When i searched for 'food composition' i found 17 datasets and when i searched 'nutrition' i found 229 datasets. That means, nutrition a broad word and maybe these 17 results are included in the 229 results since food composition a very specific term. When using data, it important to use different words for different terms. 

8, Go back to the results for food composition, and click on FoodData Central. Review the catalog page for this data source, then click on the button for Visit Page. Take some time to explore the FoodData Central website.
a) Try searching for butter, or any of your favorite foods. What kind of results do you get? What happens when you click on a result?
I searched for cheese and it gave me five categories on top and when i click on the results it shows details 
b) Go back to the home page. Find Foundation Foods, and click on Downloads. What kind of data can you find on this page? How big are these files? Where can you find more information on the data types available?
On foundation foods i found different types of files such as XLS,ZIP, HTML, PDF. I believe the files are relatively big since they store a lot of data. More information on the data types available can be found in download and under nutrient availability documentation.  